Google's best, the 6P 

Stock android holds a special place in a lot of people's hearts in the tech world. Luckily, this is what Google provides us with every year.
Nexus used to be a developer's dream from Google. In the past few years Google has moven away from that and is giving us more expensive and quality phones. 
This year we were given the 6P and the 5X. 

When you first look at the 6P you'll immediately notice it's unique design. It's sporting a visor where the camera and all the antennas lie for the phone to properly operate. 
It's also got an impressingly fast fingerprint sensor. This is easily Google's best designed phone, ever. (Have you seen it?) 

So it looks good, but does it feel good? Of course. Did I mention it's an all aluminium body? You get cold touching the 6P in the morning, it really is a beautiful thing. 
You'll also notice just how light it is when you first pick it up, it's not top heavy with the visor being present either. It's a bit slippery but if you're careful you'll make do. 
On the right hand side you have the volume rocker and the sleep/wake button. The top of the phone is where you'll find the headphone jack. If you're living in the US, UK or Australia
you'll be happy to know it's Android Pay ready and if you're in Canada, well at least we can use Android beam, right?

If you're anything like me you'll want a phone with a good battery life, does the 6P have it? Yes. An average day for me with my 6P lasts about 15 hours. It will get me through that easily
with about 15% left at the end of the day. In the rare event that it dies, it's easily and quickly charged back up through the USB C port. Unfortunately this phone does not sport 
wireless charging. 

Remember when I mentioned stock android? This is easily the selling point for this phone. Fast and continous updates? Check! Best looking version of Android? Check! Less bloatware
than other Android manufacturers? Check! If you're into getting the latest versions of Android, you'll be happy to hear you can enroll this device in Android betas (like Android N) to 
get a preview at new and upcoming features. This phone really is a dream both on the outside and the inside. 

Let's talk about the camera, after all, you need to be able to capture those precious life moments. If you're looking for the best pictures, you'll certainly be at home here. 
Google's camera app is a bit barebones compared to something from Samsung or even LG. When it comes to taking photos you have 6 different resolutions to shoot with. You can also
record in 4K with the back camera and 1080p through the front camera. Google also includes a Photo sphere, panorama, lens blur and slow motion modes which are all very fun to play with for
a while, you'll most likely get bored after a while. Sometimes the 6P doesn't focus that fast or won't focus if the subject is too close but it will usually perform just fine.
It almost seems a bit simple to be on such a feature packed device like the Nexus. 

Should you buy this phone? Most definitely. It's a phone that's built to last, both hardware and software wise. It has the latest specs and will be updated by Google for the next 2-3 years.
Your wallet will be more than happy when you won't need to replace it any time soon! 

